Improve contribution guidelines (#36)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-sql: README.md

For example demonstrations of the usage, go to [Ballerina By Examples](https://ballerina.io/swan-lake/learn/by-example/mysql-init-options.html).

## Contributing to Ballerina

As an open source project, Ballerina welcomes contributions from the community.

> All Ballerina Standard Library **bug reports/feature requests** are maintained in [ballerina-standard-library](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library) repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Ballerina Standard Library **bug reports/feature requests** are maintained in the [ballerina-standard-library](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library) repository. 
```

> You can also check for [open issues](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/labels/module%2Fsql) that interest you. We look forward to receiving your contributions. Do not forget to suggest `module/sql` label for issues related to SQL module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also check for [open issues](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/labels/module%2Fsql) that interest you. We look forward to receiving your contributions. Do not forget to add the `module/sql` label for issues related to the SQL module.
```

Author: @praneesha Only committers can add the labels. Others can only suggest in the issues description
